i'm here at the HS hunters specialties
booth with will champion turkey caller
and hunter Matt maurette good guy too
and and lifetime member of the NRA which
i think is very significant we got into
a little debate the other day but well
about the Second Amendment but why we're
here is to look at new hunting gear mats
of professional turkey color he's got a
couple new calls now as you see you've
got tons of skews we don't have time
people on the web get bored but of all
the new products HS has this year which
some of your favorites the first thing I
want to say you know if your turkey
hunter by the time you put one in the
freezer if it didn't cost you ninety
dollars a pound not by enough stuff up
here but you know turkey hunters are
like bass fisherman or like guys led to
go out the shoot they got all the
equipment they ever wanted to have
probably more than they need and you
always go to that you know that favorite
rifle or that favorite turkey velvet one
of the biggest things we have this
year's is a new friction call it's
called the little goose and it's called
the little boost rings own what this
ring does it allows this call to give
you the same sound wage as a real hand
and now I've had a little dues and I've
also used a ring zone but now you're put
these two together rings owned the
little dude makes sense I love we need
your 10 bucks let's hear a little bit of
this world that's uh that's world
champion folks that does that two cents
goodbye a cup of coffee at McDonald's
anybody can pick it all up in five
minutes
go pittstown Oklahoma and call Turkey
hey that's not bad place but thanks for
up thanks for giving that away they're
perfect why don't you go to Pennsylvania
the hunt turn around linglestown they're
everywhere what else do you really
really like if we have time for one more
you know hunter specialties we have a
whole lot of diaphragm cause I mean
we're the only call company out there
that produces are diagrams on a machine
a computerized machine I mean it's a big
investment that everyone comes out of
the machine exactly let's say noon by
Paul in Maine go to California if you
lose it you like a stagger three you go
get that I think more than anything it's
a technology that we have at hunters
specialties to make the most consistent
diaphragm calls on the market I mean not
getting product specific because
everybody has their favorites if you're
having problems with diaphragms come
check ours out i mean there's lots of
good stuff out there we're just proud
that you're a hunter we really think
that our products are the most
consistent